Add section on user api key management (#1790)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/security/users-and-teams/index.md

You should create a different User account for each person that will use Octopus Deploy. You should create a different [Service account](/docs/security/users-and-teams/service-accounts.md) for each service that will integrate with Octopus Deploy.
:::

> ### User API Key Management
> There are some things to be aware of when deleting or disabling an Octopus User:
> - If a User account were deleted, any associated API keys would also be deleted and stop functioning.
> - API keys cannot be transferred between Users, so if an in-use key has the associated user account deleted, that API key will no longer function, and a new API key from an active User would need to be created and used.
> - Additionally, any scripts that reference the deleted API key would need to be updated to the new API key.
> - A disabled user's API keys will not function. An attempt to use it will throw a 401 unauthorized error, and would require the User to be re-enabled if you needed to use that API key.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User API Key Management

There are some things to be aware of when deleting or disabling an Octopus User:

- If a User account is deleted, any associated API keys will also be deleted and stop functioning.
- API keys cannot be transferred between Users, so if an in-use key has its associated User account deleted, that API key will no longer function, and a new API key from an active User would need to be created and used.
- Additionally, any scripts that reference a deleted API key need to be updated to a new API key.
- A disabled user's API keys will not function. An attempt to use it will throw a `401 unauthorized error` and require the User to be re-enabled if you intend to use that API key.

```

Author: that 401 formatting change works for me

Author: Oh, and the line break too! 👍
